Greetings from Kochi !!!! 
Dear Colleague, We are extremely happy to inform you that we are organising "Oncology 2024" the international conference on multidisciplinary management of common cancers on 8th 9 and 108 of March 2024 at Hotel Le Meridian Kochi. The conference will be addressing to most relevant clinical situations in the day to day management of cancers in every oncology unit. There will be preconference scientific session on "Target Volume Delineation and Treatment Planning in Radiation Oncology" on March 2024 at Nayanar Hall, Hotel LeMeridian, Kochi. There will be an exciting Molecular Oncology scientific session on 8th March. Learn from the expert programme in Medical Oncology on advancements in CART Cell therapy, Immunotherapy & Targeted therapy on 9th March as breakfast session where the delegates will get an opportunity to interact with renowned international and national faculty. Case based interactive E contouring session on radiation oncology and learn from the expert session on common clinical situation in radiation oncology of relevant to India on 9th March will be giving opportunity to get awareness on Modern approach to common clinical problems. There will be a free paper / poster session where the clinicians, scientists and students can present their papers and posters. Special prizes and cash awards will be given for the best poster, best paper etc. (separately for Surgical Oncology / Medical Oncology / Radiation Oncology / Cancer research including genetics related topics). Oncology quiz for P.G. residents in Medical Oncology, Radiation Oncology and Surgical Oncology will be conducted on 10th March. Interested P.G. residents and Doctors who have passed their qualifying P.G. degrees within one year also are eligible to appear for fellowship interview separate for every specialty and the same is open for Medical Oncology, Radiation Oncology, Surgical Oncology, Gynec Oncology and Onco Pathology / Cancer research and Genetics. There will be a Career guidance sessions for young Medical Oncology & Radiation Oncology PG students & Jr.Consultants on 10th March especially giving tips for FRCR - Clinical Oncology examination and jobs abroad. Kindly block the conference dates in your calender& register as early as possible. Please refer to the website www.oncology2024.in periodically for updated information. 

Prof. Dr. C.S. Madhu MD, DNB Organising Chairman Mob:- 91 9387103803 dr.csmadhu©gmail.com 
Dr. 1Wanoj S. MD, DM Convenor Mob : 8078298449 manojsulcuman€gmail.com 
Dr. Unni S. Pillai MD DM Organising Secretary Mob:- 91 7598563161 druspillai&mail.com 

